My concubine can't do it, if you can't do it
Then be generous
To educate the queen well
Then pollute the queen of Liaodong
The queen is just humble
What the hell do you know?
You dare to let the horse come over
If the queen
You figured it out in the time of a stick of incense.
Even if you don't
Then ask the question quickly
I also need to hurry up and make people with two loves
There is something today
I don't know how many
Victory of Three Shu
Five or five numbers save three
Seven or seven numbers
text
The geometry is returned.
Isn't this a fucking primary school math Olympiad problem?
Hey
You go let go
If you kiss this, I will tell you the answer.
Really, I never lie
There are two more answers
If you promise to sleep with me tonight
I will tell you